Hey
[music]
That heart loves summer retreat
red heart dear friends even though Du
heart together like life Even though heart care
summer retreat
here selling heart from heart Don't smile
brightly oh let Cry Night
Dung too much must friends come back more
trembling retreat always hẹn is friend he
together Ly review which friend he has
gone together banana it friend he
together review is friend oh oh have gone together a
little bit
Hey
[music]
The heart loves monster summer retreat
small golden heart has a storm using
heart together beat together reading using heart
summer retreat because heart people smile the most
[music]
is between for children to listen youth Central Highlands
and friends flying heart trembling too much
listen now friend oh oh oh
a review which friend he together
all the time let friend oh oh oh let's go
remix into friend oh oh oh let's go
first go
heart failure difficult
small heart
will We are
also there summer retreat
[music]
[Applause]
yes yes yes yes